Deprecate with @GraphQLDeprecated (#1505)
ExpediaGroup/graphql-kotlin: website/docs/schema-generator/customizing-schemas/deprecating-schema.md

}
```

## GraphQLDeprecated

> A side-effect of using `@Deprecated` is that it marks your own code as being deprecated, which may not be what you want.
> 
> ![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/459464/182555658-49c5252a-b421-437a-b7a7-93c17d778a09.png)
> 
> Find yourself using `Suppress("DEPRECATION")` everywhere?
> 
> Then you may want to use `@GraphQLDeprecated` instead. It works just the same:
> 
> 
> ```kotlin
> class SimpleQuery {
>   @GraphQLDeprecated(message = "this query is deprecated", replaceWith = ReplaceWith("shinyNewQuery"))
>   fun simpleDeprecatedQuery(): Boolean = false
> 
>   fun shinyNewQuery(): Boolean = true
> }
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A side-effect of using `@Deprecated` is that it marks your own Kotlin code as being deprecated, which may not be what you want. Using `@GraphQLDeprecated` you can add the `@deprecated` directive to the GraphQL schema, but not have your Kotlin code show up as deprecated in your editor.

```kotlin
class SimpleQuery {
  @GraphQLDeprecated(message = "this query is deprecated", replaceWith = ReplaceWith("shinyNewQuery"))
  fun simpleDeprecatedQuery(): Boolean = false

  fun shinyNewQuery(): Boolean = true
}
```
```
